Adds Kontent.ai CMS guide (#4049)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/cms/kontent-ai.mdx

### Prerequisites

To get started, you will need to have the following:

1. **An Astro project** - If you don't have an Astro project yet, our [Installation guide](/en/install/auto/) will get you up and running in no time.

2. **Kontent.ai project** - If you don't have a Kontent.ai account yet, [sign up for free](https://app.kontent.ai/sign-up) and create a new project.

3. **Delivery API keys** - You will need the Environment ID for published content and the Preview API key for fetching drafts (optional). Find them both in **Environment Settings -> API keys** tab in Kontent.ai.

### Setting up credentials

To add your Kontent.ai project credentials to Astro, create a `.env` file in the root of your project with the following variables:

```ini title=".env"
KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID=YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_ID
KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY=YOUR_PREVIEW_API_KEY
```

Now, you can use these environment variables in your project.

### Installing dependencies

To connect Astro with your Kontent.ai project, install the [Kontent.ai TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js):

```shell
npm install @kontent-ai/delivery-sdk --save

> ```

Author: I changed it to use `PackageManagerTabs`

Next, create a new file called `kontent.ts` in the `src/lib/` directory of your project.

```ts title="src/lib/kontent.ts"
import { createDeliveryClient } from "@kontent-ai/delivery-sdk";

export const deliveryClient = createDeliveryClient({
    environmentId: import.meta.env.KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID,
    previewApiKey: import.meta.env.KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY,
});
```

This implementation creates a new `DeliveryClient` using credentials from the `.env` file.

*Note: The `previewApiKey` is optional. When used, you can [configure each query](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js#enable-preview-mode-per-query) to the Delivery API endpoint to return the latest versions of content items regardless of their state in workflow. Otherwise, only published items are returned.*

Finally, your root directory should now include these new files:

<FileTree title="Project Structure">
- src/
  - lib/
    - **kontent.ts**
- **.env**
- astro.config.mjs
- package.json
</FileTree>

### Fetching data

> The `DeliveryClient` is now available to all components. To fetch content, use the `DeliveryClient` and fluent API syntax to define your desired items. This example shows a basic fetch of blog posts and renders their titles in a list:

Author: Fluent API or interface is just a fancy name for method chaining. I adjusted it to be more generic as you're indeed correct that Fluent API is used mostly with C#.

### Prerequisites

1. **Kontent.ai project** - For this tutorial, we recommend using a blank project. If you already have some content types in your content model, you may use them, but you will need to modify the code snippets to match your content model.
2. **Astro project configured for content fetching from Kontent.ai** - see above for more details on how to set up an Astro project with Kontent.ai

### Setting up content model

In Kontent.ai, navigate to **Content model** and create a new content type with the following fields and values:

* **Name:** Blog Post
* Elements:
	* Text field
		* **Name:** Title
		* **Element Required:** yes
	* Rich text field
		* **Name:** Teaser
		* **Element Required:** yes
		* **Allowed in this element:** only check Text
	* Rich text field
		* **Name:** Content
		* **Element Required:** yes
	* Date & time field
		* **Name:** Date
	* URL slug field
		* **Name:** URL slug
		* **Element Required:** yes
		* **Auto-generate from:** select "Title"

Then, click on **Save Changes**.

### Creating content

Now, navigate to **Content & assets** tab and create a new content item of type **Blog Post**. Fill the fields using these values:

> * **Content item name:** Astro is amazing
> * **Title:** Astro is amazing

Reviewer: I think this might be confusing for newcomers to Kontent AI. Would it be a good idea to replace with following?

```suggestion
* **Content item name:** Astro
* **Title:** Astro is amazing
```

* **Teaser:** Astro is an all-in-one framework for building fast websites faster.
* **Content:** You can use JavaScript to implement the website functionality, but no client bundle is necessary.
* **Date & time:** select today
* **URL slug:** astro-is-amazing

When you're finished, publish the blog post using the **Publish** button at the top.

*Note: Feel free to create as many blog posts as you like before moving to the next step.* 

### Generating content model in TypeScript

Next, we'll generate TypeScript types out of your content model.

> 
> *Note: This step is optional but provides a much better developer experience and allows you to discover potential problems at build time rather than at runtime.*
> 

Reviewer: This might be better using a "real" note block,

```suggestion

:::note[Note]
This step is optional but provides a much better developer experience and allows you to discover potential problems at build time rather than at runtime.
:::

```

```json title="package.json"
{
    ...
    "scripts": {
        ...
        "regenerate:models": "ts-node --esm ./generate-models.ts"
    },
}
```

Because the types require structural information about your project that is not available in the public API, you also need to add a Content Management API key to the `.env` file. You can generate the key under **Environment settings -> API keys -> Management API**.

```ini title=".env" ins={3}
KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID=YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_ID
KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY=YOUR_PREVIEW_API_KEY
KONTENT_MANAGEMENT_API_KEY=YOUR_MANAGEMENT_API_KEY
```

And finally, add the script `generate-models.ts` that configures the model generator to generate the models:

```ts title="generate-models.ts"
import { generateModelsAsync, textHelper } from '@kontent-ai/model-generator'
import { rmSync, mkdirSync } from 'fs'

import * as dotenv from 'dotenv'
dotenv.config()

const runAsync = async () => {
	rmSync('./src/models', { force: true, recursive: true })
	mkdirSync('./src/models')

	// change working directory to models
	process.chdir('./src/models')

	await generateModelsAsync({
		sdkType: 'delivery',
		apiKey: process.env.KONTENT_MANAGEMENT_API_KEY ?? '',

> 		environmentId: process.env.KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID ?? '',

Author: Yes, it's because it's a script ran by `ts-node`. It's the only place that uses `dotenv`, not sure if it can use another package, but I can investigate.

		addTimestamp: false,
		isEnterpriseSubscription: false,
	})
}

// Self-invocation async function
;(async () => {
	await runAsync()
})().catch(err => {
	console.error(err)
	throw err
})
```

And execute it:

```shell
npm run regenerate:models
```

### Displaying a list of blog posts

Now we're ready to fetch some content. Go to the Astro page where you want to display a list of all blog posts, for example, the homepage `index.astro` in `src/pages`.

> Fetch all blog posts in the first section of the Astro page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch all blog posts in the frontmatter of the Astro page:
```

Create a new file `[slug].astro` in `/src/pages/blog/` and add the following code. The data fetching is very similar to previous use cases but adds an `equalsFilter` that lets us find the right blog post based on the used URL:

```astro title="src/pages/blog/[slug].astro"
---
import { deliveryClient } from '../../lib/kontent';
import type { BlogPost } from '../../models';
import { contentTypes } from '../../models/project/contentTypes';

const { slug } = Astro.params
let blogPost: BlogPost;
try {
    const data = await deliveryClient
        .items<BlogPost>()
        .equalsFilter(contentTypes.blog_post.elements.url_slug.codename, slug ?? '')
        .type(contentTypes.blog_post.codename)
        .limitParameter(1)
        .toPromise()
    blogPost = data.data.items[0]
} catch (error) {
    return Astro.redirect('/404')
}
---
```

*Note: If you're not using generated types, you can use string literals to define the content item type and the filtered element codename:*

```ts
const data = await deliveryClient
        .items()
        .equalsFilter("url_slug", slug ?? '')
        .type("blog_post")
        .limitParameter(1)
        .toPromise()
```

> Lastly, we'll add the HTML code to render the blog post. This part is the same as with the static generation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, we'll add the HTML code to render the blog post. This part is the same as with static generation:
```

---
title: Kontent.ai & Astro
description: Add content to your Astro project using Kontent.ai as a CMS
type: cms
service: Kontent.ai
i18nReady: true
---
import FileTree from '~/components/FileTree.astro'
import PackageManagerTabs from '~/components/tabs/PackageManagerTabs.astro'

> 
> 
> 
> [Kontent.ai](https://www.kontent.ai/) is the headless CMS that allows you to manage content in a structured and modular way, comes with AI capabilities, and delivers content to any platform you choose.

Reviewer: Removed `delivers content to any platform you choose`, since that's a duplicate of `Headless CMS`
```suggestion

[Kontent.ai](https://www.kontent.ai/) is a headless CMS that allows you to manage content in a structured and modular way, supported by AI capabilities.
```

## Integrating with Astro

> In this section, you'll use the [Kontent.ai TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js) to connect your Kontent.ai project to Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll use the [Kontent.ai TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js) to connect your Kontent.ai project to your Astro application.
```

### Prerequisites

To get started, you'll need the following:

> 1. **Kontent.ai project** - If you don't have a Kontent.ai account yet, [sign up for free](https://app.kontent.ai/sign-up) and create a new project.
> 
> 2. **Delivery API keys** - You will need the Environment ID for published content and the Preview API key for fetching drafts (optional). Find them both in **Environment Settings -> API keys** tab in Kontent.ai.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Kontent.ai project** - If you don't have a Kontent.ai account yet, [sign up for free](https://app.kontent.ai/sign-up) and create a new project.

2. **Delivery API keys** - You will need the Environment ID for published content and the Preview API key for fetching drafts (optional). Both keys are located in the **Environment Settings -> API keys** tab in Kontent.ai.
```

### Setting up credentials

> To add your Kontent.ai project credentials to Astro, create a `.env` file in the root of your project with the following variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add your Kontent.ai credentials to Astro, create a `.env` file in the root of your project with following variables:
```

```ini title=".env"
KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID=YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_ID
KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY=YOUR_PREVIEW_API_KEY
```

> Now, you can use these environment variables in your Astro project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, these environment variables can be used in your Astro project.
```

### Installing dependencies

To connect Astro with your Kontent.ai project, install the [Kontent.ai TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js):

<PackageManagerTabs>
  <Fragment slot="npm">
  ```shell
    npm install @kontent-ai/delivery-sdk
  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="pnpm">
  ```shell
    pnpm install @kontent-ai/delivery-sdk
  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="yarn">
  ```shell
    yarn add @kontent-ai/delivery-sdk
  ```
  </Fragment>
</PackageManagerTabs>

Next, create a new file called `kontent.ts` in the `src/lib/` directory of your Astro project.

```ts title="src/lib/kontent.ts"
import { createDeliveryClient } from "@kontent-ai/delivery-sdk";

export const deliveryClient = createDeliveryClient({
    environmentId: import.meta.env.KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID,
    previewApiKey: import.meta.env.KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY,

> });

Reviewer: Maybe add a link here somewhere to https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/environment-variables/#getting-environment-variables, since people might use other runtimes and get lost on getting the variable..

Something like: `using another runtime? Read more on [getting environment variables in Astro](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/environment-variables/#getting-environment-variables)`

Author: Added

```

This implementation creates a new `DeliveryClient` using credentials from the `.env` file.

> *Note: The `previewApiKey` is optional. When used, you can [configure each query](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js#enable-preview-mode-per-query) to the Delivery API endpoint to return the latest versions of content items regardless of their state in workflow. Otherwise, only published items are returned.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Note[previews]
The `previewApiKey` is optional. When used, you can [configure each query](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js#enable-preview-mode-per-query) on the Delivery API endpoint to return the latest versions of content items regardless of their state in workflow. By default, only published items are returned.
:::
```

Finally, your root directory should now include these new files:

<FileTree title="Project Structure">
- src/
  - lib/
    - **kontent.ts**
- **.env**
- astro.config.mjs
- package.json

> </FileTree>

Reviewer: Maybe you should also add the `env.d.ts` file and example?

Author: Added

### Fetching data

The `DeliveryClient` is now available to all components. To fetch content, use the `DeliveryClient` and fluent API syntax to define your desired items. This example shows a basic fetch of blog posts and renders their titles in a list:

```astro
---
import { deliveryClient } from "../lib/kontent";

const blogPosts = await deliveryClient
    .items()
    .type("blogPost")
    .toPromise()
---
<ul>
  {blogPosts.data.items.map(blogPost => (
    <li>{blogPost.elements.title.value}</li>
  ))}
</ul>

> ```

Reviewer: maybe add a title and highlighted lines here

Author: Added

<PackageManagerTabs>
  <Fragment slot="npm">
  ```shell
    npm install @kontent-ai/model-generator ts-node dotenv
  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="pnpm">
  ```shell
    pnpm install @kontent-ai/model-generator ts-node dotenv
  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="yarn">
  ```shell
    yarn add @kontent-ai/model-generator ts-node dotenv
  ```
  </Fragment>
</PackageManagerTabs>

Then, add the following script to package.json:

```json title="package.json"
{
    ...
    "scripts": {
        ...
        "regenerate:models": "ts-node --esm ./generate-models.ts"
    },
}
```

Because the types require structural information about your project that is not available in the public API, you also need to add a Content Management API key to the `.env` file. You can generate the key under **Environment settings -> API keys -> Management API**.

```ini title=".env" ins={3}
KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID=YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_ID
KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY=YOUR_PREVIEW_API_KEY
KONTENT_MANAGEMENT_API_KEY=YOUR_MANAGEMENT_API_KEY
```

> And finally, add the script `generate-models.ts` that configures the model generator to generate the models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add the script `generate-models.ts` that configures the model generator to generate the models:
```

```ts title="generate-models.ts"
import { generateModelsAsync, textHelper } from '@kontent-ai/model-generator'
import { rmSync, mkdirSync } from 'fs'

import * as dotenv from 'dotenv'
dotenv.config()

const runAsync = async () => {
	rmSync('./src/models', { force: true, recursive: true })
	mkdirSync('./src/models')

	// change working directory to models
	process.chdir('./src/models')

	await generateModelsAsync({
		sdkType: 'delivery',
		apiKey: process.env.KONTENT_MANAGEMENT_API_KEY ?? '',
		environmentId: process.env.KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID ?? '',
		addTimestamp: false,
		isEnterpriseSubscription: false,
	})
}

// Self-invocation async function
;(async () => {
	await runAsync()
})().catch(err => {
	console.error(err)
	throw err
})
```

> And execute it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, execute it:
```

}
---
```

The last part is to provide the HTML template and display each blog post:

```astro title="src/pages/blog/[slug].astro" ins={18-33}
---
import { deliveryClient } from '../../lib/kontent';
import type { BlogPost } from '../../models';
import { contentTypes } from '../../models/project/contentTypes';

export async function getStaticPaths() {
    const blogPosts = await deliveryClient
        .items<BlogPost>()
        .type(contentTypes.blog_post.codename)
        .toPromise()

    return blogPosts.data.items.map(blogPost => ({
        params: { slug: blogPost.elements.url_slug.value },
        props: { blogPost }
    }))
}

const blogPost: BlogPost = Astro.props.blogPost
---
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
        <title>{blogPost.elements.title.value}</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <article>
            <h1>{blogPost.elements.title.value}</h1>
            <Fragment set:html={blogPost.elements.teaser.value} />
            <Fragment set:html={blogPost.elements.content.value} />
            <time>{new Date(blogPost.elements.date.value ?? "")}</time>
    </body>
</html>
```

> Navigate to [http://localhost:3000/blog/astro-is-amazing](http://localhost:3000/blog/astro-is-amazing) to see the rendered blog post.

Reviewer: Keep in mind people might have changed their local port.

```suggestion
Navigate to your Astro preview (http://localhost:3000/blog/astro-is-amazing/ by default) to see the rendered blog post.
```

Create a new file `[slug].astro` in `/src/pages/blog/` and add the following code. The data fetching is very similar to previous use cases but adds an `equalsFilter` that lets us find the right blog post based on the used URL:

```astro title="src/pages/blog/[slug].astro"
---
import { deliveryClient } from '../../lib/kontent';
import type { BlogPost } from '../../models';
import { contentTypes } from '../../models/project/contentTypes';

const { slug } = Astro.params
let blogPost: BlogPost;
try {
    const data = await deliveryClient
        .items<BlogPost>()
        .equalsFilter(contentTypes.blog_post.elements.url_slug.codename, slug ?? '')
        .type(contentTypes.blog_post.codename)
        .limitParameter(1)
        .toPromise()
    blogPost = data.data.items[0]
} catch (error) {
    return Astro.redirect('/404')
}
---
```

*Note: If you're not using generated types, you can use string literals to define the content item type and the filtered element codename:*

```ts
const data = await deliveryClient
        .items()
        .equalsFilter("url_slug", slug ?? '')
        .type("blog_post")
        .limitParameter(1)
        .toPromise()
```

> Lastly, you'll add the HTML code to render the blog post. This part is the same as with static generation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, add the HTML code to render the blog post. This part is the same as with static generation:
```

```astro title="src/pages/blog/[slug].astro" ins={20-33}
---
import { deliveryClient } from '../../lib/kontent';
import type { BlogPost } from '../../models';
import { contentTypes } from '../../models/project/contentTypes';

const { slug } = Astro.params
let blogPost: BlogPost;
try {
    const data = await deliveryClient
        .items<BlogPost>()
        .equalsFilter(contentTypes.blog_post.elements.url_slug.codename, slug ?? '')
        .type(contentTypes.blog_post.codename)
        .limitParameter(1)
        .toPromise()
    blogPost = data.data.items[0]
} catch (error) {
    return Astro.redirect('/404')
}
---
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
        <title>{blogPost.elements.title.value}</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <article>
            <h1>{blogPost.elements.title.value}</h1>
            <Fragment set:html={blogPost.elements.teaser.value} />
            <Fragment set:html={blogPost.elements.content.value} />
            <time>{new Date(blogPost.elements.date.value ?? '')}</time>
    </body>
</html>
```

### Publishing your site

> To deploy your website, visit our [deployment guides](/en/guides/deploy/) and follow the instructions for your preferred hosting provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your website, visit the [deployment guides](/en/guides/deploy/) and follow the instructions for your preferred hosting provider.
```

---
title: Kontent.ai & Astro
description: Add content to your Astro project using Kontent.ai as CMS
type: cms
service: Kontent.ai
i18nReady: true
---
import FileTree from '~/components/FileTree.astro'
import PackageManagerTabs from '~/components/tabs/PackageManagerTabs.astro'

[Kontent.ai](https://www.kontent.ai/) is a headless CMS that allows you to manage content in a structured and modular way, supported by AI capabilities.

## Integrating with Astro

In this section, you'll use the [Kontent.ai TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js) to connect your Kontent.ai project to your Astro application.

### Prerequisites

To get started, you'll need the following:

1. **Kontent.ai project** - If you don't have a Kontent.ai account yet, [sign up for free](https://app.kontent.ai/sign-up) and create a new project.

2. **Delivery API keys** - You will need the Environment ID for published content and the Preview API key for fetching drafts (optional). Both keys are located in the **Environment Settings -> API keys** tab in Kontent.ai.

### Setting up credentials

> To add your Kontent.ai credentials to Astro, create a `.env` file in the root of your project with following variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add your Kontent.ai credentials to Astro, create a `.env` file in the root of your project with the following variables:
```

interface ImportMetaEnv {
  readonly KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID: string;
  readonly KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY: string;
}
```

Your root directory should now include these new files:

<FileTree title="Project Structure">
- src/
  - **env.d.ts**
- **.env**
- astro.config.mjs
- package.json
</FileTree>

### Installing dependencies

To connect Astro with your Kontent.ai project, install the [Kontent.ai TypeScript SDK](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js):

<PackageManagerTabs>
  <Fragment slot="npm">
  ```shell
    npm install @kontent-ai/delivery-sdk
  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="pnpm">
  ```shell
    pnpm install @kontent-ai/delivery-sdk
  ```
  </Fragment>
  <Fragment slot="yarn">
  ```shell
    yarn add @kontent-ai/delivery-sdk
  ```
  </Fragment>
</PackageManagerTabs>

Next, create a new file called `kontent.ts` in the `src/lib/` directory of your Astro project.

```ts title="src/lib/kontent.ts"
import { createDeliveryClient } from "@kontent-ai/delivery-sdk";

export const deliveryClient = createDeliveryClient({
    environmentId: import.meta.env.KONTENT_ENVIRONMENT_ID,
    previewApiKey: import.meta.env.KONTENT_PREVIEW_API_KEY,
});
```

:::note[Note]

> Read more on [getting environment variables in Astro.](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/environment-variables/#getting-environment-variables).

Reviewer 2: Double dot
```suggestion
Read more on [getting environment variables in Astro](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/environment-variables/#getting-environment-variables).
```

> Read more on [getting environment variables in Astro](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/environment-variables/#getting-environment-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more on [getting environment variables in Astro](/en/guides/environment-variables/#getting-environment-variables).
```

:::

This implementation creates a new `DeliveryClient` object using credentials from the `.env` file.

:::note[previews]

> The `previewApiKey` is optional. When used, you can [configure each query](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js#enable-preview-mode-per-query) to the Delivery API endpoint to return the latest versions of content items regardless of their state in workflow. Otherwise, only published items are returned.*

Reviewer 2: Missing "the" and  accidental `*`
```suggestion
The `previewApiKey` is optional. When used, you can [configure each query](https://github.com/kontent-ai/delivery-sdk-js#enable-preview-mode-per-query) to the Delivery API endpoint to return the latest versions of content items regardless of their state in the workflow. Otherwise, only published items are returned.
```

            <time>{new Date(blogPost.elements.date.value ?? "")}</time>
    </body>
</html>
```

Navigate to your Astro preview (http://localhost:3000/blog/astro-is-amazing/ by default) to see the rendered blog post.

#### Server-side rendering

If you've opted into SSR mode, you will use dynamic routes to fetch the page data from Kontent.ai.

Create a new file `[slug].astro` in `/src/pages/blog/` and add the following code. The data fetching is very similar to previous use cases but adds an `equalsFilter` that lets us find the right blog post based on the used URL:

```astro title="src/pages/blog/[slug].astro"
---
import { deliveryClient } from '../../lib/kontent';
import type { BlogPost } from '../../models';
import { contentTypes } from '../../models/project/contentTypes';

const { slug } = Astro.params
let blogPost: BlogPost;
try {
    const data = await deliveryClient
        .items<BlogPost>()
        .equalsFilter(contentTypes.blog_post.elements.url_slug.codename, slug ?? '')
        .type(contentTypes.blog_post.codename)
        .limitParameter(1)
        .toPromise()
    blogPost = data.data.items[0]
} catch (error) {
    return Astro.redirect('/404')
}
---
```

> *Note: If you're not using generated types, you can use string literals to define the content item type and the filtered element codename:*
> 
> ```ts
> const data = await deliveryClient
>         .items()
>         .equalsFilter("url_slug", slug ?? '')
>         .type("blog_post")
>         .limitParameter(1)
>         .toPromise()
> ```

Reviewer 3: ``````suggestion
If you're not using generated types, you can instead use string literals to define the content item type and the filtered element codename:

```ts
const data = await deliveryClient
        .items()
        .equalsFilter("url_slug", slug ?? '')
        .type("blog_post")
        .limitParameter(1)
        .toPromise()
```
``````
Removed the "fake note" syntax, and I'm not sure this rises to the level of one of our big purple note
blocks (it might! But I'm not sure!) so I'm just dropping it for now. This could also be converted to a details/summary if we thought it helped point out that this is an "instead" alternative.

Reviewer: Agreed that this shouldn't be a big purple note!
